# Curiosity Report - Hudson Stohl

For my curiosity project I researched and used Playwright as a browser driver. I learned about its capabilities and limitations.

Learning about Playwright in class made me curious about uses of a browser driver other than testing. I found this especially interesting because we were learning about Playwright as the BYU basketball game against Utah was coming up. This is pertinent because the ROC tickets had been selling out rather quickly when they went on sale. I had the idea to set up playwright test to reserve a ticket as soon as they went on sale to ensure I got a ticket. As I was setting up this test I kept running in to a problem where I would get a CAPTCHA blocking PLaywright from accessing the site. This was odd to me because I never ran into a CAPTCHA when accessing the site as a human (without Playwright). I did some research to try to figure out how they detected Playwright being used. I learned about browser fingerprinting and how Playwright (and other automation tools) often user default user-agent strings that websites can detect and give a CAPTCHA to. I learned about some possible ways to get around this detection, including using Playwright stealth and customizing the user-agent strings. Unfortunately, however, this did not help me in my automation of getting a BYU basketball ticket, and I wasn't able to get one when they were first released.

I had the opportunity to trial the use of Playwright as a web scraper soon after. The new Hunger Games book was coming out soon, but I didn't want to purchase it. I wanted to get it at the library, but I knew the hold line would be incredibly long if I didn't place my hold immediately. However, the library was not consistent on when they put up the listing for new books, so I didn't know when it would be available to place a hold. This is where Playwright comes in. I set up a test to go to the library's website searching _Sunrise on the Reaping_ (the title of the book), and asserting that the page displayed "No results found." I learned the syntax to make a .yml file to make github actions run the test every few hours or so. I now had another issue. I needed it to notify me if this test ever failed, as that would mean there was a result found, ergo the book listing was up. I think I got github to send me an email every time a workflow failed, but I wanted to learn how to automate the email without relying on this. I learned how to add a script to my .yml file to send a specific email to my personal email from a new notification email address I made. I added secrets to my github actions to have the authorization to send an email from this new address. I used this interesting thing where my secret wasn't the gmail password, but a generated passkey given from gmail to authorize the use of the address from github. It was pretty cool when one night I got an email from my notification address saying my test had failed and it was time to put a hold on the book. Because of this automation, I was in the first group of people to get the book from the library.

It was super fun to learn about how Playwright and github actions can be used to run tests and notify me when websites change. The capabilities of workflows and github actions surprised me and I haven't even scratched the surface. I am currently using my same automation to tell me when tickets to Hadestown in Salt Lake City are released.
